Adapted from http://www.apache.org/licenses/icla.txt © The Apache Software Foundation

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

1. I grant Alexandros Theodotou and to recipients of
software distributed by Alexandros Theodotou
perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
royalty-free, irrevocable permission to reproduce,
prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly
perform, sublicense, and distribute
my contributions and such derivative works under the
terms of the license indicated in each edited file.

2. I represent that I am legally entitled to grant the
above permission. If my employer(s) has rights to
any work that I create that includes my contributions,
I represent that I have received permission to make
contributions on behalf of that employer, that my
employer has waived such rights for my contributions
to Alexandros Theodotou, or that my employer has
executed a separate Corporate Contributor License
Agreement with Alexandros Theodotou.

3. I represent that each of my contributions is my
original creation (see section 5 for submissions on
behalf of others). I represent that my contribution
submissions include complete details of any
third-party license or other restriction (including,
but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of
which I am personally aware and which are associated
with any part of my contributions.

4. I am not expected to provide support for my
contributions, except to the extent I desire to
provide support. I may provide support for free,
for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by
applicable law or agreed to in writing, I provide
my contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
or implied, including, without limitation, any
warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

5. Should I wish to submit work that is not my
original creation, I may submit it to Alexandros
Theodotou separately from any contribution,
identifying the complete details of its source and of
any license or other restriction (including, but not
limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license
agreements) of which I am personally aware, and
conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on
behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

6. I understand and agree that a record of my
contribution (including all personal information I
submit with it, including my sign-off) may be
maintained in public indefinitely.
